Speechless, wake up, where is this?
I'm going to give grandma the last ride
speechless
You are too weak now
Not easy to move too much
You won't even let me go to the last side of grandma
And now you pretend to care about me
Mr. Liu, what are you going to do?
Put it here.
I beg you not to go
No one in the world loves me
You go I don't want to see you again
Pardon me?
Xi Shi said
You are already a month pregnant
I have been to the mainland house together
That's why I found it impossible.
Impossible I will be responsible
I don't want you to be responsible.
Du Jingjing, you go, you go
Where are you going?
I'm going to find Zhou Yinhe
I have something to ask him
What do you need him for?
China
You still doubt me
You still don't believe me?
Then I won't continue.
That being the case
What you say is what you say
The child is not yours
You can let me go now
If the child is really his
Then I can't let me bleed
You can stop me for a while
Can you stop me for the rest of my life?
Tell me the truth
Zhou Yupeng disappeared after being stopped by the hospital
Mine for you to find